One of the most life changing experiences I had was a road trip to Alaska with my sister.
It took us 36 days.
And encompassed 16,500 miles of driving.
We also crossed through 18 different states.
And 3 canadian provences.

It was amazing to get up close with wildlife including several bears, elk, moose, and wolves.
One of my fondest memories was hiking in Denali national park in Alaska.
We hiked roughly 5 miles and summited Mt. Sable as the sun was begining to set.

The sunset was like nothing ive ever seen before.
On our way back down the mountain we were able to get some great pictures of mountain goats, a blonde grizzly bear, and several marmots. 

My favorite city on the trip was whitehorse.
It was located in the northern Yukon Territory.
It had a great brewery.
We sampled over 12 different kinds of beer.
We then walked back to our campsite.
We build a great bonfire.
Roasted Marhsmallows.
And ate life cereal in our tent.

I had my 20th birthday on our trip.
20 was the drinking age in canada where I celebrated it.
but we couldnt find a bar anywhere that day.
it also poured and we got an inch of rain.


That trip was also quite an adventure.
As we had to create spur of the moment route changes several times due to natural disasters.
Our second day of the trip we had passed though Joplin Missouri only 3 days after the massive tornado had leveled a massive the whole city.
We then passed through arizona and had to divert around that Wallow Fire that was raging across most of the country.
On the return part of the trip we were diverted again due to mudslides that washed out a bridge on our major route home across souther canada.
And our final day of driving turned into 36 straight hours of driving due to an electrical storm that caught up to us from behind and forced us to pull camp due to safety.
It sported 50 mph sustained winds, and 50-80 lighting strikes per min.
I was driving back home with a strobe light attached to the roof of my car just because.